>> Kent C. Dodds: Great,
let's move on to our next exercise.
So I'm gonna go ahead and reset, hard.
Just get everything back in order,
and we'll pull up exercise three.
This is addressing a problem
with compound components.
So this usage looks almost the same,
except there's a slight difference now.
We have this div breaking up our
perfect compound component structure.
And if you run the app and
go to the Flexible Compound Components and
click here, you'll see that you
can actually toggle the button.
So why is that happening?
Well, the button is toggled when
it gets an on prop set to true and
then an on prop set to false.
And then it also caused the on
toggle when it's passed
the toggle function in on click.
Well, it's not actually passed
either of those things.
And you'll actually see
a warning that we saw similar
with the span where we're passing
a non-boolean attribute to our div.
So what's happening is
the React.Children.map
function will only see
the top level elements.
It does'´t see any of the things
that those things rendered.
And so we're providing
the right props to these two.
But we're passing the props that are
supposed to go to the switch to the button
to this div.
And so how do we solve this problem?
Well, it used to be
a little more complicated,
but now it is really nice because
we have the new context API.
And we clearly obviously
want to be on the latest, so
you'll be using the new context
API to solve this problem.
It is gonna be a little bit of extra code
for each one of our static components.
Our compound components are gonna
be using the context consumer.
And at the top of the exercise,
I give you kind of an example
of how to use the context API.
And you're gonna create your
own toggle context, and
then use the consumer inside
of your static methods and
then the producer inside of your render.
So all this stuff is gonna go away and
be replaced by toggle context provider.
The tricky thing is the provider needs to
also provide, as part of the value, this
toggle function, so the button can operate
and pull that out from the context.
So I've given you a little tip here
of what you're supposed to do.
And maybe you can play around with it and
figure out why you have to do that.